“Iron Man. That’s kind of catchy. It’s got a nice ring to it. I mean it’s not technically accurate. The suit’s a gold titanium alloy, but it’s kind of provocative, the imagery anyway.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“If you douse me again, and I’m not on fire, I’m donating you to a city college.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“I shouldn’t be alive, unless it was for a reason. I’m not crazy, Pepper. I just finally know what I have to do. And I know in my heart that it’s right.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“It’s an imperfect world, but it’s the only one we got. I guarantee you the day weapons are no longer needed to keep the peace, I’ll start making bricks and beams for baby hospitals.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“They say that the best weapon is the one you never have to fire. I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon you only have to fire once.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“I don’t like it when you have plans.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Your eyes are red. Tears for your long lost boss?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“If I were Iron Man, I’d have this girlfriend who knew my true identity. She’d be a wreck. She’d always be worrying I was going to die, yet so proud of the man I’ve become. She’d be wildly conflicted, which would only make her more crazy about me…” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“I don’t want to see this on your myspace page. Please no gang signs.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“I saw young Americans killed by the very weapons I created to defend them and protect them. And I saw that I had become part of a system that is comfortable with zero-accountability.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Give me a scotch. I’m starving.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“I am Iron Man. The suit and I are one.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“I told you I don’t want to join your super-secret boy band.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“You look like you have friends in low places.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“That tastes like coconut… and metal!” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“What? Blow something up? I already did that.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Oh God, are you gonna steal my kidney and sell it?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Drop your socks and grab your crocs, we’re about to get wet on this ride.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“What’s the point of owning a race car if you can’t drive it?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“My bond is with the people, and I will serve this great nation at the pleasure of myself. If there’s one thing I’ve proven it’s that you can count on me to pleasure myself.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“You! I swear to God, I’ll dismantle you! I’ll soak your motherboard, turn you into a wine rack!” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“And now, from the great beyond, my father Howard Stark!” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Don’t say “wind farm.” I’m already feeling gassy.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“You’re talking about a man whose happiest day of his life was shipping me off to boarding school.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Earth’s Mightiest Heroes” type thing.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“If we can’t protect the Earth, you can be damned well sure we’ll avenge it!” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“That man is playing Galaga! Thought we wouldn’t notice. But we did.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Doth mother know you weareth her drapes?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“A hero? Like you? You’re a lab rat, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle!” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Apparently I’m volatile, self-obsessed, and don’t play well with others.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“You really have got a lid on it, haven’t you? What’s your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“You’re on that list? Are you above or below angry bees?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“I’m not afraid to hit an old man.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“So you’re this Spider-ling? Crime-fighting spider? Spider-Boy?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Everybody wants a happy ending. Right? But it doesn’t always roll that way.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Mr. Rogers, I almost forgot, that suit did nothing for your ass.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Hey, you said one out of fourteen million, we’d win, yeah? Tell me this is it.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“No amount of money ever bought a second of time.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Please know, when I drift off and be like everything lately, I’m fine. I’m totally fine. I dream about you. Because it’s always you.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Sure it was. That’s extortion, that’s the word. What kind do you want? Great minds think alike. Juice pops, exactly was on my mind.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“It’s not about how much we lost. It’s about how much we have left. We’re the Avengers. We gotta finish this. You trust me?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Are you seriously telling me that your plan to save the universe is based on “Back to the Future?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“You know what, give me a break, Steve. I just got hit in the head with a Hulk.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“You’re small, but you’re talking loud?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“We’re the Avengers, not the Prevengers, right?” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“Go to bed, or I’ll sell all your toys.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
“I love you 3000.” – Tony Stark (Iron Man)
